Who wants to see me?
Caomin Chen Sheng
Linjiang people
I have seen Mr. Gao
You chased this son all the way to Chang'an
What did the grass people promise in Linjiang City?
If Young Master Gao asks Linjiang City's family to come down
The grass people are willing to follow the son to be a cow and a horse
If this son
Did you not lower the maiden family of Linjiang City?
Of course it is
Happy Life
Let the son blood appear
Get up.
Mr. Xie, I didn't expect you to be so careless
What if you don't want to do what you want in the future?
Since Chen Sheng is here
Then this life is the son
As long as you don't follow the people
Everything is arranged by the son
Kind of interesting.
Stay here.
Thank you, sir.
Go to Huya to check if there is any case.
Go to work again
Shoulder to Shoulder
Yes
OK
The minister sent someone to inform the household
It's not that Lang Gaofeng said that the lamb starts on the Linjiang
Brought a box of tea leaves
But what?
He was embarrassed to let Gao Shilang go to the room to pick it up in person
This lamb has a small heart
You tease him like this
Be careful in the future
I'm not afraid to wait for the prodigal son to die
Your Majesty is troubled
I have just ascended the throne
The world is not peaceful
Fanwang mercenary self-respect
In addition, I am a woman
More dissatisfied
This Xue Fan is imperative
But this Xue Fan alone is not good
It will cause civil unrest in Daqian
What makes me even more angry is
This Prince Rong is the head of the auxiliary government elders of the three dynasties
After arguing with me a few days ago
He was seriously ill and did not come to court
Is there still a female emperor in my eyes?
minister
It looks peaceful.
In fact, it affects the whole body
Your Majesty, it's man-made
I will finally be reborn in the hands of His Majesty
In customs declaration, Liu Wu 800 miles expedited.
The big man in Guanzhong broke out of the imperial disaster
Millions of people were affected by the royal disaster
Get out of the way
disaster
What imperial disaster broke out in Guanzhong?
Hundreds of thousands of people are waiting for disaster relief